# Implementation-of-Different-Object-Tracking-Algorithms

 In most applications, perfect measurements cannot be guaranteed for a number of reasons (change in lighting, change in background, other moving objects, etc.) so there needs to be a way of ﬁltering the measurements to produce the best estimate of the true track. What the Kalman Filter does is use a model to predict what the next position should be assuming the model holds true, and then compares that estimate to the actual measurement you pass in. The actual measurement is used in conjunction with the prediction and noise characteristics to form the ﬁnal position estimate and update a characterization of the noise (measure of how much the measurements are diﬀering from the model).
 
 Kalman Filter Technical Context: The Kalman ﬁlter uses a system’s dynamics model (e.g., physical laws of motion), known control inputs to that system, and multiple sequential measurements (such as from sensors) to form an estimate of the system’s varying quantities (its state) that is better than the estimate obtained by using any one measurement alone. As such, it is a common sensor fusion and data fusion algorithm. All measurements and calculations based on models are estimates to some degree. Noisy sensor data, approximations in the equations that describe how a system changes, and external factors that are not accounted for introduce some uncertainty about the inferred values for a system’s state. The Kalman ﬁlter averages a prediction of a system’s state with a new measurement using a weighted average. 
 
 
The purpose of the weights is that values with better (i.e., smaller) estimated uncertainty are ”trusted” more. The weights are calculated from the covariance, a measure of the estimated uncertainty of the prediction of the system’s state. The result of the weighted average is a new state estimate that lies between the predicted and measured state, and has a better estimated uncertainty than either alone. This process is repeated every time step, with the new estimate and its covariance informing the prediction used in the following iteration. This means that the Kalman ﬁlter works recursively and requires only the last ”best guess”, rather than the entire history, of a system’s state to calculate a new state. 
